I learned to fix it has never failed me in
As for this artery and has on us
it seemed very strange and oak said come
because it does not go down in reverse yet because
passes the entrance to that house that there
is going to turn the car on as always
male was crazy I comb now man
wait for the car to turn on and
did not really turn on we did a
video that tomorrow they will not be able to see
because it's acting on them from here is
impossible to upload because there are not many
signs where we tell you at the moment
as it was happening we try to understand
the embassy car as it counts the popular
problem of rolling and get the change
of the scroll and not the days did not light the
car is to send car until just
we arrived at the entrance of the brothers
October was with us and I
allows the mind
They are photos taken by them
I want and here is a ship that goes today
near the mountain in the
photographs to the moon and that
were watching do not know but this is
a ship that has an average of 300
300 meters in diameter
all these are real photos photos
taken here that day instead
here are the ships here they look more
clear the ships when they went down to
the mountains can look at them here they are
all that you see the whole group we saw
approximately five hundred ship
modify the sky and there are the photos
the discount if you see my old roles
it is here is what these seemed
exact circles even in ecology and
Javier's doctor will correct me
very famous canet those of light is not
alkaline which is even responsible for
make them the symbols in the wheat the
tribunes in the wheat field the agros
themselves more than anything else more commonly
called as well as a message for then
I do not know for humanity as far as
where do they come from what constellation
comes from all the different parts of the
universe where well are the photos
that we are telling us with
many many hours many circuits
these and he says that each of these
beings is a ship there is a photo
impressive with hundreds of these
points and still so that they understand me
that you will be able to register us in
our pages and everything
mostly when the ships are
they approach the mountains
there are many ships that are holographic
that are possibly there on the
mountain but they are in another constellation
then there they are are holograms
holograms that approach people
when they come to see the UFOs and if
were bad people who are there
on that ship they would hurt all the
people who come here but never
nothing bad happened here on tablets
then it means that they are people
that come from heaven
ok very well there we are then
taking pictures of towers that I made
that I have them in October the year and in
here where we are better said here in
the peña de huaycán is fine that other
photographs are going
well they have many similar to the
that you just told us are null
photographs here we are
the x and Mr. lagoon that caught a little
of satiated at a point where they have seen
the pictures
really are orbs attached to the lens
the camera
between the moon and the moon and a star
that shines a lot in the middle
This is the ship that entered the
mountain here is
that is the ship that we just saw
there it is these are the tubulars
it's a circular ship yes sir
they are special tubular wool was
taken in how those ships work
doctor in the propulsion of that with ge
we say the energy to terms
as well as humans and in technology has
in most of the ships move
always for the fourth dimension because
if you look at the star pressure right now
I'm going to point out to you this is the
infinite pressure constellation there
is to that constellation and population and
happiness that star that is next
there this cross is there it's called
next was the skull that investigates
when this is the example of the theory
of special relativity and that is for
go to prison
a person was delayed approximately
1,250 years if I wanted to go on a plane and
why is there light cerquita 21 years
I would move 1250 years to get there but
one when it comes to the land entrance
enter the fourth dimension from where no
there is neither time nor distance and
can be between seconds here
comment that is more or less what
they use they are commonly called
called wormholes
designed almost all the ships are very
dimensional and already travel to any
distance in the universe but also
they have their special measures for
travel if your look from the
constellation of pressure or star
processes look up here
the vicinity of stadium is going to have a
bright hologram over there and that's why I
use as coordinates to come here
because the mountain of change is a
dimensional door to go to the
Pleiades to reach different
constellations of the universe very well
we are here from the peña de juan
sing me totally live in this
Sunday night that we promised and
André from you a lot of information
extraterrestrial and waiting for something
happen as it happened not our commission
unfortunately in the program but
close to seven at night when
we had two fingers sighting
UFOs
we continue with a lot of time in heaven
with your finger with the binoculars and the
doctor at any time will tell us
boy earrings occurs activity of
soon because even when they knew it
in this environment
cool